= DESCRIPTION:
Creates a Yum repo from Cloud Files directories and files. The Yum client
recipe configures a client node to access the Yum repo server.

= REQUIREMENTS:
Requires the apache2 and cloud_files recipes.

= ATTRIBUTES: 

# Yum client attributes.

yum[:repo_url] - "http://login1/trunk"

# Yum repo attributes.

yum[:repos_base_directory] - the web root where repos will be stored
yum[:repos] - an array of hashes containing repo configs

Each repos config hash should contain the following settings:

name - the repo name (directory) where RPMs will be stored
cloud_files_directory_list - list of directories in cloud files that contain
 RPMs to be downloaded and installed
most_recent_revisions_only - set this to true to download and include
 only the most recent revision on the initial download. Subsequent
 runs of the recipe may download a more recent revision. This is meant
 to minimize the initial download traffic in downloading the whole repo.
cloud_files_list - a list of individial RPMs to be downloaded into the
 repo

= USAGE:

Example JSON config for the yum::repo recipe:

"yum": {
        "repos_base_directory": "/var/www/repos",
        "repos": [
            {
            "name": "trunk",
            "cloud_files_directory_list": [ "trunk_rpms" ],
            "cloud_files_list": [ "job_control/rails-stack-1.0.1-1_2995.noarch.rpm", "job_control/job-control-1.0.0-1.noarch.rpm" ]
            }
        ]
    }

Example JSON config for the yum::client recipe:

"yum": {
       "repo_url": "http://login1/trunk"
     }
